This is a template repository for implementing further modifications in *mods.cs*.

__If you're only interested in obtaining a modified version and not actually implementing any mods, you need to move to a repository that extends this repository. You can obtain my modified **.xapk* from https://github.com/Rocky-wow/apk_wow_rocky_mod.git__

To implement your own template simply press *Use this template* on Github and create your own repository.

Then simply add this template repository as a remote upstream to keep the docker files and tools synchronized.

Now you can use the docker image and tools inside to implement modifications using monocecile in *mods.cs*.

Here's a quick guide to the workflow and tools:

Inside of the tools folder there are 2 tools: *init.sh* and *modify.sh*.

The *init* tool can be invoked by its alias:

    init
(1) Downloads the unmodified XAPK from apk pure.
(2) Creates a folder *unmodified* and populate it with 3 subfolders *bin*, *il* and *decompiled*, which contain the respective files of the games source code. These are essential for implementing new modifications. This requires that there is exactly a single **.xapk* in the folder.
Check out *tools/init.sh* for the concrete implementation and definitions.
**Important: the docker container runs *init* by default when starting so you do not have to explicitly run this, unless you need to reobtain these resources on the run.**


The *modify* tool can be invoked by its alias:

    mod
or

    modify
Implements the monocecile modifications defined in *mods.cs* by replacing the current **.xapk* with the modified one.
Check out *tools/modify.sh* for the concrete implementation and definitions.

To actually implement modifications use monocecil. This allows you to manipulate the **.dll* binaries which define the games logic at runtime.

Currently the modify tool is set up to implicitly modify *Assembly-CSharp.dll*. But this should suffice for almost any modification. The other bianries are mostly subroutines by unity to assist in running the games logic. Check out the decompiled .cs files in unmodified/cs folder generated by the *init* tool for a better picture.




